feud
====

Version 0.0.1 (November, 2017)

feud is a turn-based military and political strategy game. It is based on
medieval-styled board games I used to make and play (mostly with myself) as a
teenager.

Description
-----------

Each player controls a feudal faction consisting of a noble (from knight to
king), his army, money, land, diplomacy. Factions fight each other over land
control. A player who loses his noble or all his land, loses the game. The game
ends when there is only one sovereign noble left.

The game is played on a map (orthogonal grid). Map tiles can be walkable (land)
or unwalkable (walls, water). A group of tiles make up a region. A region can
either be free or belong to a player. Regions have names.

Currently, there are only nobles and soldiers (ships are planned). A noble has
a finite lifespan (normally between 60 and 80 years). After a noble dies, a
heir or lord will inherit the property.

Installation
------------

To compile feud from source code, type:

$ ./configure --prefix=DIRECTORY
$ make

The generic way to install the compiled files is:

$ make install

However, one might prefer to use distro-specific installation mechanism (like
"checkinstall") instead.

Usage
-----

Currently, only game editor and hot-seat client are implemented. There is no
NPC, no network multiplayer, and no maps. "No NPC" means that you can not play
against computer, only against other humans (or against yourself). "No network
support" means that all players will use the same computer. "No maps" means
that you will have to use editor to create your own world (create grid, design
terrain, define regions, give them nice names, create players and set their
pieces).

To create a world, type 'feud-editor', create a map and populate it to your
liking.

To start the game, type 'feud' and play together with your friend(s).

Licensing
---------

feud is free software, and is released under the terms of the GNU General
Public License version 3 or any later version. Please see the file called
LICENSE.

History
-------

* First line of code was written on July 26, 2017.


